doc/python_api/rst/bge_types/bge.types.KX_BatchGroup.rst, before:

KX_BatchGroup(EXP_Value)
=====================

base class --- :class:`EXP_Value`

.. class:: KX_BatchGroup(EXP_Value)

   The batch group is class containing a mesh resulting of the merging of meshes used by objects.
   The meshes are merged with the transformation of the objects using it.
   An instance of this class is not owned by one object but shared between objects.
   In consideration an instance of :class:`KX_BatchGroup` have to instanced with as argument a list of at least one object containing the meshes to merge.
   This can be done in a way similar to:

   .. code-block:: python

      import bge

      scene = bge.logic.getCurrentScene()

      batchGroup = types.KX_BatchGroup([scene.objects["Cube"], scene.objects["Plane"]])

   .. attribute:: objects

      The list of the objects merged. (read only)

      :type: :class:`EXP_ListValue` of :class:`KX_GameObject`

   .. method:: merge(objects)

      Merge meshes using the transformation of the objects using them.

      :arg objects: The objects to merge.
      :type object: :class:`EXP_ListValue` of :class:`KX_GameObject`

   .. method:: split(objects)

      Split the meshes of the objects using them and restore their original meshes.

      :arg objects: The objects to unmerge.
      :type object: :class:`EXP_ListValue` of :class:`KX_GameObject`

   .. method:: destruct()

      Destruct the batch group and restore all the objects to their original meshes.

Commit message:

UPBGE: Fix object render settings for batching groups.
Previously object render settings such as light layer or object color
were not managed for batching groups.

For attribute like layers we can choose to make an union of all objects
layers, but in case of color there's no meaning of union.

To solve this issue one object should be used as reference for the group.
The attribute KX_BatchGroup.referenceObject is defined and initialized
to the first merged object when creating a batch group.
Later the user can change it to an other object of the same group.

Internally this object is set in KX_BatchGroup and RAS_BatchGroup,
KX_BatchGroup see a KX_GameObject and RAS_BatchGroup only the RAS_MeshUser
of this object. This mesh user is retrieved in RAS_DisplayArrayBucket::RunBatchingNode
from the first mesh slot mesh user and passed to RAS_IMaerial::ActivateMeshUser
which aims the update of material uniforms from object settings.

doc/python_api/rst/bge_types/bge.types.KX_BatchGroup.rst, after:

KX_BatchGroup(EXP_Value)
=====================

base class --- :class:`EXP_Value`

.. class:: KX_BatchGroup(EXP_Value)

   The batch group is class containing a mesh resulting of the merging of meshes used by objects.
   The meshes are merged with the transformation of the objects using it.
   An instance of this class is not owned by one object but shared between objects.
   In consideration an instance of :class:`KX_BatchGroup` have to instanced with as argument a list of at least one object containing the meshes to merge.
   This can be done in a way similar to:

   .. code-block:: python

      import bge

      scene = bge.logic.getCurrentScene()

      batchGroup = types.KX_BatchGroup([scene.objects["Cube"], scene.objects["Plane"]])

   .. warning::

      Rendering settings unique to objects such as :data:`KX_GameObject.layer` and :data:`KX_GameObject.color` are shared when using batch groups.
      These settings are taken from object :attr:`referenceObject`.

   .. attribute:: objects

      The list of the objects merged. (read only)

      :type: :class:`EXP_ListValue` of :class:`KX_GameObject`

   .. attribute:: referenceObject

      The object used for object rendering settings (layer, color...).

   .. method:: merge(objects)

      Merge meshes using the transformation of the objects using them.

      :arg objects: The objects to merge.
      :type object: :class:`EXP_ListValue` of :class:`KX_GameObject`

   .. method:: split(objects)

      Split the meshes of the objects using them and restore their original meshes.

      :arg objects: The objects to unmerge.
      :type object: :class:`EXP_ListValue` of :class:`KX_GameObject`

   .. method:: destruct()

      Destruct the batch group and restore all the objects to their original meshes.
